AWS CMWI GA (#3972)
astronomer/docs: astro/authorize-deployments-to-your-cloud.md

#### Prerequisites

- Minimum Astro Runtime version:
    - 9.15.0
    - 10.9.0
    - 11.5.0
- A new or existing IAM role in your data sources with the required permissions you want your Deployment to have.
- If using [AWS CloudShell](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudshell/),
the required CLIs are enabled by default.
- If you use a local terminal, the following CLIs are required:
  - [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/)
  - [jq](https://jqlang.github.io/jq/)
  - [openSSL](https://www.openssl.org/source/)

#### Step 1: Authorize the Deployment to your IAM role

To authorize your Deployment, create an IAM role to assign as your Deployment's workload identity:

1. [Create an IAM role](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-service.html) to delegate permissions to in an AWS service. Grant the role any permission that the Deployment will need in your AWS account. Copy the IAM role ARN to use later in this setup.
2. In the Astro UI, select your Deployment and then click **Details**. In the **Advanced** section, click **Edit**.
3. In the **Workload Identity** menu, select **Customer Managed Identity**.

> 4. (Optional - Dedicated clusters only) Customize your managed identity to specify Kubernetes service accounts or use a wildcard so you can share or re-use managed identity information.

Reviewer: Let's move the optional configs to a separate step. Focus on the easy path.

<details>

>   <summary><strong>Specify Kubernetes service accounts</strong></summary>

Reviewer: The `Specify Kubernetes service accounts` optional config can be used for Standard or Dedicated

> If you want to share or re-use the same customer managed identity on static or ephemeral Deployments for dedicated clusters, and your organization does not allow you to use a wildcard, change the `<DeploymentNamespace>` value in `Condition` to specify the Kubernetes service accounts. The following shows an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your organization does not allow you to use a wildcards in your IAM Trust Policies, change the `<DeploymentNamespace>` value in `Condition` to specify the Kubernetes service accounts. The following shows an example:
```

  ```json
  {
      "Condition": {
          "StringLike": {
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:aud": "sts.amazonaws.com",
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<DeploymentNamespace>:<DeploymentNamespace>-kpo"
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<DeploymentNamespace>:<DeploymentNamespace>-scheduler-serviceaccount"
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<DeploymentNamespace>:<DeploymentNamespace>-triggerer-serviceaccount"
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<DeploymentNamespace>:<DeploymentNamespace>-webserver-serviceaccount"
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:<DeploymentNamespace>:<DeploymentNamespace>-worker-serviceaccount"
          }
      }
  }
  ```
</details>

<details>

>   <summary><strong>Share or re-use a managed identity using a wildcard</strong></summary>

Reviewer: The `Share or re-use a managed identity using a wildcard` optional config should **only** be used on Dedicated for security purposes

If you want to share or re-use the same customer managed identity on static or ephemeral Deployments for dedicated clusters, without having to update your Trust Policy in your AWS account for every net new Deployment, change the `<DeploymentNamespace>` value in `Condition` to include a wildcard. The following shows an example:

  ```json
  {
      "Condition": {
          "StringLike": {
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:aud": "sts.amazonaws.com",
              "<clusterOIDCIssuerUrl>:sub": "system:serviceaccount:*:*"
          }
      }
  }
  ```
</details>

5. Enter your IAM role ARN when prompted, then copy and run the provided CLI command.
6. Click **Update Deployment**. The IAM role is now selectable as a workload identity for the Deployment.

Repeat these steps for each Astro Deployment that needs to access your AWS resources.

#### Step 2: Create an Airflow connection

> Now that your Deployment is authorized, you can connect it to your cloud using an Airflow connection. Create an **Amazon Web Services** connection in either the [Astro UI](create-and-link-connections.md) or the Airflow UI for your Deployment, and specify the following fields:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that your Deployment is authorized, you can connect it to your cloud using an Airflow connection. Create an **Amazon Web Services** connection in either the [Astro UI](create-and-link-connections.md) or the Airflow UI for your Deployment and specify the following fields:
```

- **Connection Id**: Enter a name for the connection.

If you don't see **Amazon Web Services** as a connection type in the Airflow UI, ensure you have installed its provider package in your Astro project's `requirements.txt` file. See **Use Provider** in the [Astronomer Registry](https://registry.astronomer.io/providers/Amazon/versions/latest) for the latest package.

:::tip

> If you use a mix of strategies for managing connections, if you define the same connection in multiple ways, Airflow uses the following order of precedence:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you use a mix of strategies for managing connections and define the same connection in multiple ways, Airflow uses the following order of precedence:
```

3. In the **Workload Identity** menu, select **Customer Managed Identity**.

> 4. Enter your IAM role ARN when prompted, then copy and run the provided CLI command.

Reviewer: Let's add click `Save Configuration` to have it selectable.

> 4. Enter your IAM role ARN when prompted, then copy and run the provided CLI command.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Enter your IAM role ARN when prompted, then copy and run the provided CLI command. Click **Save Configuration** to save the IAM role as a selectable configuration.
```

> 5. Click **Update Deployment**. The IAM role is now selectable as a workload identity for the Deployment.

Reviewer: By clicking Update Deployment, it applies the selected role to the Deployment.

> 5. Click **Update Deployment**. The IAM role is now selectable as a workload identity for the Deployment.

Author: ```suggestion
5. Click **Update Deployment** to apply the selected IAM role to the Deployment.
```
